Restructuring vector search docs and adding vector landing page and use cases page (#5567)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/search-approaches.md

The following table provides an overview of the fundamental search techniques available in {{es}}:

| Name | Description | Use when |
|------|-------------|----------|
| [**Full-text search**](full-text.md) | Traditional lexical search with analyzers and relevance tuning | Exact words and phrases in the query should match the index. You want fast keyword matching without ML setup. |

> | [**Semantic search**](semantic-search.md) | Meaning-based search using NLP models to match intent, not just keywords | Queries use everyday language or synonyms instead of exact index terms. You prefer managed workflows like [`semantic_text`](semantic-search/semantic-search-semantic-text.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Semantic search**](semantic-search.md) | Search based on meaning and intent, not just keywords. A use case of vector search.| Queries use everyday language or synonyms instead of exact index terms. Get started with the managed [`semantic_text`](semantic-search/semantic-search-semantic-text.md) workflow. |
```

maybe vector search should be first here to represent the work done in this PR to underline vector search as the underlying search technique

then semantic search is a use case for vector search (and semantic_text is a managed workflow for that use case)

the Description column just needs to not imply that vector search is a _different_ kind of retrieval

Adding "A use case of vector search" to the semantic search description makes the relationship explicit, and the rest of the row stays accurate.

| [**Vector search**](vector.md) | Similarity search using vector embeddings stored in vector fields | You bring your own embeddings or need direct control over vector fields and models. |

> | [**Hybrid search**](hybrid-search.md) | Combines full-text and semantic search in one request | You need exact keyword matches and meaning based matches in one result set. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Hybrid search**](hybrid-search.md) | Combines full-text and vector search in one request | You need exact keyword matches and meaning based matches in one result set. |
```

More accurate since hybrid search works with either the managed or direct path, and it keeps the hierarchy consistent with the table above it.
